Add tip to Authorizing OAuth Apps about revoking app for SAML SSO issues (#9480)
github/docs: content/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/authorizing-oauth-apps.md

If you belong to any organizations that enforce SAML single sign-on, you must have an active SAML session for each organization each time you authorize an {% data variables.product.prodname_oauth_app %}.

> {% tip %}
> 
> **Tip:** If you are encountering errors authenticating to an organization that enforces SAML single sign-on, you may need to revoke the OAuth App from your [account settings page](https://github.com/settings/applications) and repeat the authentication flow to reauthorize it.
> 
> {% endtip %}

Reviewer: We're using notes instead of tips now. [ref](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing/content-style-guide.md#callouts)

```suggestion
{% note %}

**Note:** If you are encountering errors authenticating to an organization that enforces SAML single sign-on, you may need to revoke the OAuth App from your [account settings page](https://github.com/settings/applications) and repeat the authentication flow to reauthorize the app.

{% endnote %}
```
